Changed api logging feature - docs (#2308)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/troubleshooting/api-logs-troubleshooting.md

description: "Understand how API logging works in Dapr and how to view logs"
---

API logging enables you to see the API calls from your application to the Dapr sidecar and debug issues as a result when the flag is set. You can also combine Dapr API logging with Dapr log events (see [configure and view Dapr Logs]({{< ref "logs-troubleshooting.md" >}}) into the output, if you want to use the logging capabilities together.

## Overview

The default value of the flag is false.

To enable API logging, you can use the `--enable-api-logging` command-line option. For example:

```bash
./daprd --enable-api-logging
```

> This starts the Dapr runtime with a api log level of `info`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starts the Dapr runtime with API logging.
```

## Configuring API logging in self hosted mode

To enable API logging when running your app with the Dapr CLI, pass the `enable-api-logging` flag:

```bash
dapr run --enable-api-logging node myapp.js
```

### Viewing API logs in self hosted mode

When running Dapr with the Dapr CLI, both your app's log output and the Dapr runtime log output are redirected to the same session, for easy debugging.

> The below example shows API logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below shows some API logs:
```

```bash

> dapr run --enable-api-logging node myapp.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dapr run --enable-api-logging -- node myapp.js
```
